they also guys are you 43 here and
welcome back to my Channel today is a
video where I just wanted to ask you
guys a few questions and so yeah
interesting talking about yesterday's
video if you didn't watch it there will
be a link in the description somewhere
or an annotation on the screen but
basically what I talked about is the
prospect of if Rockstar came out this is
probably you know 99 percent not gonna
happen but if they came out and said
well you know the xbox 720 is probably
coming out in like four or five months
would you guys want us to develop him on
that platform and would you be willing
to wait now you know obviously I just
lost the question because I was kind of
curious and a lot of you a lot of you
said fuck no like sorry for the language
but a lot of you like hell no I'm not
waiting no way that was a few people
that said yes I'd wait just like I did
so yeah I guess you guys have been
waiting too long and you're just too
desperate to get your hands on that GTA
5 I couldn't agree more like I am like
well I disagree with you but I can
completely understand like I really want
to play GTA 5 i've been wanting to play
if i go over a year it's looking
absolutely awesome from the screenshots
and like little snippets of gameplay
we've seen the trailers so i don't think
it needs to be on the X 720 ah but you
know I'm looking forward to a rock star
game on the 720 nonetheless be I could
understand her first frustration and
waiting and second thing is I last week
I got an upgrade in my internet
connection I'm now on a connection of 70
megabits down 20 megabits up and if
you're you know if that doesn't mean
anything to you basically the average
home in the UK for where I live is about
is between 229 Mick you know rural areas
bring it down and you know other things
like that but that is a that is one
thing and my connections pretty beastly
I've got a speed that's ninety-seven
percent but no sorry is faster than
ninety seven percent of the population
in the UK and basically I want to start
doing some live stream so what
I wanted to ask you guys today is what
would you like to see in my channel
doing live streams like would you want
to see GTA 5 minecraft black ops FarCry
little indie games like what would you
want to see would you wanna what style
of live stream so let's play kind of
style or multiplayer or QA like throw
some ideas at me I'll see what comes up
and yeah i'll follow up in the next
video because live streaming is
something i want to get into seems like
a lot of fun and it's called her sort of
interact with subscribers like this is
very it's like really not very engaging
like I make a video and then you leave
comments like I do reply to comments and
it kind of works but you know when we're
making live videos it's a lot more fun
so what are we doing it in the future so
throw some ideas at me if you know
around here remember to subscribe and
yeah check out my channel daily just in
case the subscription box is being the
troll and you miss a video but that's
all from me only 43 and take care see
you later
you